VMDP doc set (#111284)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-vmdp-creating-bsl-filesystem.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-vmdp/oadp-using-vmdp.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-vmdp-creating-bsl-filesystem_{context}"]

> = Creating a backup storage location with filesystem storage by using the VMDP CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Creating a backup storage location with file system storage by using the VMDP CLI
```

[role="_abstract"]

> Create a backup storage location (BSL) with filesystem storage to set up an encrypted repository for storing your VM backups. This helps you to configure local filesystem storage for your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a backup storage location (BSL) with file system storage to set up an encrypted repository for storing your virtual machine (VM) backups. This helps you to configure local file system storage for your data.
```

213 characters

> When you create a BSL, the VMDP CLI creates a personal encrypted repository in the specified storage backend. You provide the encryption password, which is used to encrypt all backup data. Only users with this password can access the backup data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a BSL, the virtual machine data protection (VMDP) command-line interface (CLI) creates a personal encrypted repository in the specified storage backend. You provide the encryption password, which is used to encrypt all backup data. Only users with this password can access the backup data.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the VMDP CLI inside your VM.
* You have created an alias called `oadp-vmdp` for the VMDP CLI binary.

> * You have access to a local filesystem path for backup storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have access to a local file system path for backup storage.
```

.Procedure

> * To create a BSL with filesystem storage, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To create a BSL with file system storage, run the following command:
```
